The Last Lecture we run into the problem that P S Q L is not recognized as Intel X telecom and the problem
is that it has to be registered in the system environmental path were.
So if you Google a solution for this problem you find a bunch of things which all are good.
But here is an easy way to do it.
Just use two windows search engine by typing it and V and then you get the system environmental variables.
Then it shows this like a nice little pop up where you can choose environmental variables.
There are a lot of things defined already.
And if you remember I tend to keep in mind that you should remember the path of where you stockpot Square
as well.
So if you don't remember it it's not the problem don't worry.
Just follow me and we can look up where it is in the File Explorer go to this PC choose your platform
and on there you have to program files and there is the postscripts will move into this directory in
the version number because you can install also lower versions than what version 10.
And then you need to be intellectually move also in this one.
Then you see here to create Depay which we also use in Andreas Whittier's.
If you scroll down you will also find P Q L which you will need to also make it the way you will in
your command prompt.
So how we can do that.
Let us right click here in the address bar and copy our terrorists as text.
Let me close this and back again in our When were environmental variables pop up choose path.
This is important.
You need to choose path.
Then click on it and there is see which is already defined and then we also see our good old friends
get and no G-S.
So we want to make a new path variable.
So click on you and then just right click and paste the path to the post Chris skewl and then click
on OK click OK here click OK there and let us open the command prompt again.
So let's test it.
P S Q L.
All right.
It asks us about the passport.
Let's try a test because this is the one I defined.
And remember there you also don't see how many characters you typed in.
So just hit enter after you typed in your passport
photo Passport authentication failed for you.
The secret to mustardy.
That's strange and it's really easy to resolve.
You have to use an additional flag in Windows but typing P S Q L Desch capitalized you.
And then you can type which user you want to look into postgresql.
In our case resets the passport for the use of postscripts.
So Type in post.
Suppose Chris and the answer and then it asks for the password for the user postscripts in my case it
is test again.
Type it in.
Don't worry you don't see it but it work and then hit enter.
All right.
We are in postscripts mode.
Or so.
So let's create the database by using the command to create database and then the one which you already
know from under its Windows test and hit enter.
Oh it does nothing.
Well because I forgot the same code.
So typing the semi-colon in the next line is also ok and hit enter.
All right create database looks like it worked.
So let me move on from the post Grossmont by hitting Control-C again and I'm out of it.
So let's move on to PGE admin and have a look if it worked as we expected.
Postscripts town at me for this thought of and we wouldn't know where we see our graphical user interface
and type then by hitting it on the plus sign plus sign again and again.
All right here is the database test also.
You will find your tables on the schemers tab here by hitting on the plus sign plus and public and that
scroll all the way down there you find tables.
In our case we have no tables to fight because Andri uses the commands in the terminal.
I will show you how you can do it with Peachi admin for footers right click on tables create table.
You can give the table name an hour of case I'll choose users.
You can also uncomment.
This is the table we all use words or actions.
And then you can't add collops first column I would choose Id of type integer and this is my primary
key and other one with the name because each user has a name.
In theory choose to type character berrying which is the same as var char which is soil under his videos
with no length.
This means it accepts every kind of length.
Then you use of course there's always also an email address
also of type character varying and just leave this for now safe.
And now we have our users table.
Also let's fill it with some life.
You can also insert data in PGA before you can do it by read click on users.
Few enter data and choose all rows.
They got a table like few where you can start typing without any need of KJo.
So Id choose one for name I choose John save and for email I'd choose.
Chone G-mail.
Safe.
All right.
Looks that it has worked.
So let's move back again to all rows.
Yes indeed it worked.
And now that we also use the command line tools let's change it to to come up prompt and as you know
again remember dash you post gross type in your password an hour and post-Christmas.
So let's try if we also get the data here in the command prompt selects the our power users same column
0 relation users does not exist.
Leinwand select start from users.
Well this is because we have to change first into the right database.
You can do it by typing backslash.
See.
And then the name from the database.
In our case was text.
Now we are connected to the test data base and let us try again.
Our select command select star for all users semicon.
All right there is our user job.
So everything work as expected.
All right.
Now we close the last missing get for us Windows user.
Nothing should stop you to become the next complete web developer.
I wish you all the best and have fun throughout this course.
Let's meet on this court order Q&A.
Feel free to take me every time you need help.
Or are you stuck.
I'll see you in the next one.